and now for a very quick little recipe
for a Chinese salad the main ingredient
for this is bean sprouts fresh bean
sprouts and I've got about 2 or 3 ounces
here and to those I'm adding two spring
onions which have been finely chopped
and about two inches of cucumber this
has also been finely chopped and I've
left the skin on because I think the
skin helps the color of the salad and
then I got about one ounce of mushrooms
here and these have been thinly sliced
in fact this was just one large mushroom
now some watercress few sprigs of
watercress and then I'm going to just
mix those ingredients together using my
hands I always think mixing a salad it's
best to use your hands because you can
maneuver everything and manipulate it to
get it evenly blended now I'm going to
make a dressing an oriental Chinese
dressing and the ingredients I've got
for that in my bowl here are first of
all a crushed clove of garlic a teaspoon
of tomato puree and half a teaspoon of
crushed grated ginger and to that I'm
going to add half a teaspoon of English
mustard powder and then one dessert
spoon of wine vinegar 1 dessert spoon of
soy sauce and then 2 dessert spoons of
oil now I've got salt already in the soy
sauce it does taste rather salty so I'm
not going to put any salt in this just
add a little bit of freshly milled
pepper and then take a fork and just
whisk that up and that's a lovely spicy
salad dressing now that's ready for the
salad so we'll just pour it straight on
one thing I like about this dressing is
it's such a lovely color with all the
other ingredients now I'm going to mix
that in a little bit with the chopsticks
that's Chinese bean sprout salad